* The mutiplication of loaves and fishes

Jesus was followed by a large crowd when
they saw him healing the sick.

He asked his disciples were they can buy enough 
food for the people.

Andrew came and said this boy have 5 loaves of bread 
and 2 fishes. Philip shouted "THAT IS NOT
ENOUGH!" 

Jesus took the loaves of bread and fishes. 
He gave thanks. Then, he broke it and
asked his disciples to distribute them to the poeple.

Once every one is full, he asked them to gather the leftovers
so nothing will be wasted. They collected 12 wicker
baskets filled with bread and fish. They were very surprised.


* Dongkey for a king

one morning/afternoon jesus seid his
disiples that thay will go to Jerusalem.Then he asked his disiples he
will need a dongkey to thravel to the
city.His disiples asked the master of the the dongkey that ther threr 
teacher need it.Jesus ride the dongkey.When they were neer to enter the city the people wave pulmes and put their balabal to wecome Jesus.his enimees were mad.
When he entered the temple he saw 
that the tample has become a market.He shouted HoW DERE YoU
TURN MY FATHRS HoUSE IN To A 
MARKET!!!!!!!!!!!He let the bird go he trow the money away kiked the vase
and the table.After what hapend he go away the sick people cam to him to be hiled.

* Lazarus
Jesus was with his disciples in the house of Lazarus and his sisters named Marry and Martha. When Jesus was teaching Martha was working. She get mad at Mary because was just
lisening to Jesus. Then Jesus replied Martha stop working to hard. Then she smiled.one day
a man came runing he said Lazarus is is verry
sick he said. Then one day the man came then said that lazarus is died. Jesus came to Martha then he said role the  stone Lazarus came out. Then Lazarus came out alive.


* The blind man can see

Jesus was walking with his disciples. While they were walking Jesus was teaching. A blind man was beging for food and money. The disciples ignored the man. Then Peter saw the man then he took it to Jesus. Then Jesus get a pile 
of mud on his 
hand then Jesus put the pile of mud on the blind man's eyes.He asked the man to wash the
pile of mud on his eyes on the river. The man 
wash his eyes on the river. He shouted I CAN SEE I CAN SEE!!!!The disciples say that Jesus     had done another miracle.
